When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
You can share your work with others. You can collaborate better. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If you want to experiment or try something new on the files in the remote, but don't want it to affect your local files then it's better that
pull is done manually to preserve your local files in a version that is working seperately from Github.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

forks are used to create clones of a repository on Github to your own girhub profile. It is creating a clone on github from github.
Clones are creating repository copies onto your local computer either from a remote location or somethwere else on your computer
branches are creating a commit that is serparete from another branch. It is done to experimetn without touching another branch files

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit of having a coyp of the last known state of the remote stored locally is so you can work on the remote files locally without having 
interenet access. Then you can compare the remote files with your local repository and figure if you want to merge them or not. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

It would be harder since, there is no branching work, there is no work that can be done offline and synced, there is no automatic mergining
system that looks out ofr clonflicts in the code. Ther earent checks and balances like in git and github


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
make changes in a seperate brnach when you want to test a new feautre, or experiment, or create an altenrate version fo teh msaster. If you don't
want to mess with the master branch then it's good to make changes in teh branch 
